1. Change the name of the Mechanorecptor innervation tab to something more general, like grid and innervation, sensory space or similar
2. In the Mechanorecptor tab, if I have multiple grid they should share the same axis and physical space, both for the display in the GUI and generly for the pipiline. So if I aggregate multiple grids they should share the same coordinate system.
3. when adding a population or a grid, it should add a defult automaically that the user can than refine and update, with defult parameters, the neuron population defults should adapt based on the grid they are created for. So it automatically creates a grid/population and than the user refines it and updates it. simplfy the buttons and cntrol to work that way.
4. For both population and grid there should be option for how many in each row and each coulumn. coulumns option should be toggable (defult not active). When there are only rows (defult) the grid should be a square.
5. I want there to be an option to genreate a complete customize population for the sensory neurons, place them wherever I want and innervate them as ever I want. To achieve that I want it be possible to load a custom csv file with the placemnet of the neurons and also to load a customized csv file with the innervation pattern for the population. It should be also possible to export csv for population and innervation. the files should be related to one another and reside in a single folder.
6. I want to decluture the tabs, there is a lot of information in it. so maybe add options for basic and advanced options, maybe control it through a menu bar. I need a suggestion how to do that in a way that is intuitive and easy to use, but also declutter the tab. 
7. I want to be able to work on desinging and running everything without needing to save the grid to file. So I wnt to create a grid and than move to the stimulus, spiking and visulaization tabs and to have the grid avilable without loading to file. Than I want an option for all the tabs to save/load/update the grid to file in the file management and architacture we have.
8. I need some extensive testing of the neuron models with different gains and different parameters. There are some weird osciliations hapening in the subthreshold regime, that look like bursts of spikes, something is failing there with the implementation of the neuron models. I want extensive testing in different scenerios as well as edge cases to see that the activty makes sense. Provide a report and figures to evaluate the neuron models and their behavior in different scenerios, and with different parameters.
9. There is an issue with the units and gains between the stimuli and mechanorecptor inputs and the needed gains to get the right firing pattern and rates. There are cases with the filters (and even without) that there needs to be extremly high gain. something about the units and magnitutdes that are not matching. This should be tested but also evaluated from the code and documntations why it is acting this way. We don't have to adhere to the perizi gains for the filters, but just that everything makes sense. values should be approriate and confined to reasnobale values.
10. the design of the visualization tab is outdated, it looks like an 80s computer game. I want the design and plots more modern looking and more appealing.
11. We need to improve the panel assembly and grid settings for the visualizations. I thinkit should be more modular to the user, adding panels and setting how mich space they take in the grid. maybe do it with drag and drop so it is easy to customize what reside and where. also have option for a panel to take multiple grid location so it extends horizontally (for example with a time series) or vartically.
12. I need to have some test written for edge cases, stimuli edge cases, gains, parameters, grids etc. to make sure everything is robust.
13. The entire gui and the entire project should be with a thought for modularity and extension.
14. The stimulus tab should allow for easy introduction of new stimuli types by users, without touching any core code. There should be a clear guide for it how to create code for new stimulus and define the parameters, with a template of how to do it. This is true for other possible extensions (neurons models, custom filters, etc.). 
15. For now we are working on the GUI and making it usable and easy, but everything should take into account that there should be easy CLI implemntaion with the same underlying logic and backend, calling the same functions and piplines as the gui, but just with a difference interface. So the design and implementation should be done with that in mind, to make sure we can easily have a CLI version of the same project in the future, without needing to redo everything. Also there should be an ease way to batch the simulation to run on HPC and to run multiple simulations with different parameters, so the design should take that into account as well. this should also be exposesing the gui so people can directly design their batching and export it to run wherever they want, local, cloud, hpc in a clear and structured way. Maybe it should be an yaml that defines everything that you can load into prewritten batch scrips, or another stretegy if you think there is a more appropriate one. So maybe after visualization create a new tab for batch stimuli and for creating multiple stimuli batteries with different parameters for both testing and for creating large dataset for training, statisitcal testing etc. and options to create batch scripts to run it on different platforms.
16. After everything works well with the gui we can work to see that the cli api is working as well and that it usign the same underlying logic and functions that the gui is using just exposed differently. 
17. Everything should be accompyied with clear documntations, make changes to documntations as needed through the process, keeping them updated and clear. Also create a clear guide for how to use the GUI, and how to extend it with new stimuli, new neuron models, new filters etc. with templates and examples for each of those.